Hello.
Miss, please let me go.
I didn't mean it, ma'am.
All boys forced me.
That thing.
Big brother, big brother
We are brothers.
How could I harm you?
It's all this slut's cafeteria that complements me.
Big brother.
The two colluded to embezzle public funds.
With countless neighbors' properties.
I look at blood relationships.
Just open one eye and close one eye
But what about you?
But he wants my life.
Report it or the police will take action.
Big brother, big brother, let me go.
Big brother, we are brothers.
Not bad, it's true that my daughter chose a good son-in-law.
Responsible, ha ha
Thu Nhi is truly the guardian of heaven and earth, I'm old.
Ha ha, after coming here.
My Lam Thi assigned two people to manage it.
Push me away.
Gentlemen, I announce...
The next owner of the Lam family is Uncle Lam.
Please take your position.
What did you send?
It turns out you are actually a girl's protector
Let's go on a date this time?
Everyone is waiting for us.
This is your succession ceremony.
Don't go.
Are we husband and wife?
Unabashed
Mine is your sidekick.
Worth it.